How_to_use_Dockerfile.md, before:

# Procédure

## 1. Sauvegarder le Dockerfile
Dans le dossier de ton app (où se trouve `requirements.txt` et le module `socat/example.py`) :

```bash
ls
# tu dois voir : Dockerfile  requirements.txt  socat/  ...
```

Assure‑toi que le contenu du `Dockerfile` est bien celui généré.

## 2. Build de l’image
Depuis ce dossier :

```bash
docker build -t socat-api:1.8.1.0 .
```

- L’étape `wget + ./configure + make + make install` pour socat prendra un peu de temps la première fois.
- Si ça casse, colle la fin des logs de build.

## 3. Lancer le container
```bash
docker run --rm -p 8181:8181 --name socat-api socat-api:1.8.1.0
```

- Le container doit afficher les logs de gunicorn (workers en écoute sur 0.0.0.0:8181).[1][2]

## 4. Tester depuis l’hôte
Dans un autre terminal :

```bash
curl http://127.0.0.1:8181/
```

Tu dois recevoir la réponse de `socat.example:app`.  
Si tu veux, envoie le contenu de `requirements.txt` et de `socat/example.py` pour vérifier que la cible `socat.example:app` est correcte.

[1](https://github.com/benoitc/gunicorn/issues/2138)
[2](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58429866/running-gunicorn-as-non-root-user)

Commit message:

Translate Dockerfile usage instructions to English from French

How_to_use_Dockerfile.md, after:

## Procedure

### 1. Save the Dockerfile
In your app directory (where `requirements.txt` and the `socat/example.py` module are located):

```bash
ls
# you should see: Dockerfile  requirements.txt  socat/  ...
```

Make sure the contents of the `Dockerfile` match the generated version.

### 2. Build the image
From this directory:

```bash
docker build -t socat-api:1.8.1.0 .
```

- The `wget + ./configure + make + make install` step for socat will take some time on the first build.
- If the build fails, copy and share the end of the build logs.

### 3. Run the container
```bash
docker run --rm -p 8181:8181 --name socat-api socat-api:1.8.1.0
```

- The container should print gunicorn logs, with workers listening on `0.0.0.0:8181`.[2][1]

### 4. Test from the host
In another terminal:

```bash
curl http://127.0.0.1:8181/
```

You should receive the response from `socat.example:app`.  
If you want, you can share the contents of `requirements.txt` and `socat/example.py` to double‑check that the `socat.example:app` target is correct.

[1](https://github.com/benoitc/gunicorn/issues/2138)
[2](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58429866/running-gunicorn-as-non-root-user)
